Description of modernization in winforms code-behind generation in the VS 2022 17.5 Preview3 (#8503)
dotnet/winforms: docs/designer/modernization-of-code-behind-in-OOP-designer/modernization-of-code-behind-generation-in-OOP-designer.md

# this. and Me. preferences
dotnet_style_qualification_for_event = true
dotnet_style_qualification_for_field = true
dotnet_style_qualification_for_method = true
dotnet_style_qualification_for_property = true
```

### Support for implicit usings property

Namespace names were removed from the type names in Preview 3 version. They are not needed for type resolution because design time serialization looks up the [implicit usings](https://www.hanselman.com/blog/implicit-usings-in-net-6) property, available in C# starting with .NET 6 for C#, from the project file:

```xml
<Project Sdk="Microsoft.NET.Sdk">

  <PropertyGroup>
    <OutputType>WinExe</OutputType>
    <TargetFramework>net8.0-windows</TargetFramework>
    <Nullable>enable</Nullable>
    <UseWindowsForms>true</UseWindowsForms>
    <ImplicitUsings>enable</ImplicitUsings>
  </PropertyGroup>

</Project>
```

When implicit usings property is disabled in the C# project file, namespace names are generated.

### Similar changes are present in VB

![Comparison of Form1.Designer.vb as generated by Visual Studio 2022 v17.4 or earlier against the same file generated by v17.5 Preview 3](./images/Form1-Designer-VB-comparison.png)

> Code generated by VisualStudio v17.4 or earlier:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Code generated by VisualStudio v17.5 Preview 2 or earlier:
```

Author: Users can't easily move between the previews, I singled out preview 3 for those on the tip of the IntPrevew channel
